cloud: update release notes for 914 (#10417)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/release-notes-2022.md

This page lists the release notes of [TiDB Cloud](https://www.pingcap.com/tidb-cloud/) in 2022.

> ## September 14, 2022

Reviewer: Is this the existing release note published last week?

This page lists the release notes of [TiDB Cloud](https://www.pingcap.com/tidb-cloud/) in 2022.

## September 14, 2022

**General changes**

> * Support connecting to TiDB Cloud [Dedicated Tier](/tidb-cloud/select-cluster-tier.md#dedicated-tier) clusters via TLS

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Support connecting to TiDB Cloud [Dedicated Tier](/tidb-cloud/select-cluster-tier.md#dedicated-tier) clusters via TLS.
```

>     For Dedicated Tier clusters, the [Connect](/tidb-cloud/connect-to-tidb-cluster.md#connect-via-standard-connection) dialog now provides a link to download the TiDB cluster CA and also provides the connection string and sample code for one-way TLS connection. You can connect to your Dedicated Tier cluster via TLS using third-party MySQL clients, MyCLI, and multiple connection methods for your applications, such as JDBC, Python, Go, and Node.js. This feature ensures the security of data transmission from your applications to TiDB clusters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    For Dedicated Tier clusters, the [Connect](/tidb-cloud/connect-to-tidb-cluster.md#connect-via-standard-connection) dialog now provides a link to download the TiDB cluster CA and also provides the connection string and sample code for TLS connection. You can connect to your Dedicated Tier cluster via TLS using third-party MySQL clients, MyCLI, and multiple connection methods for your applications, such as JDBC, Python, Go, and Node.js. This feature ensures the security of data transmission from your applications to TiDB clusters.
```

>     For Dedicated Tier clusters, the [Connect](/tidb-cloud/connect-to-tidb-cluster.md#connect-via-standard-connection) dialog now provides a link to download the TiDB Cloud Root CA certificate and also provides the connection string and sample code for one-way TLS connection to TiDB clusters. You can connect to your Dedicated Tier cluster via TLS using third-party MySQL clients, MyCLI, and multiple connection methods for your applications, such as JDBC, Python, Go, and Node.js. This feature ensures the security of data transmission from your applications to TiDB clusters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    For Dedicated Tier clusters, the [Connect](/tidb-cloud/connect-to-tidb-cluster.md#connect-via-standard-connection) dialog now provides a link to download the TiDB cluster CA and also provides the connection string and sample code for one-way TLS connection to TiDB clusters. You can connect to your Dedicated Tier cluster via TLS using third-party MySQL clients, MyCLI, and multiple connection methods for your applications, such as JDBC, Python, Go, and Node.js. This feature ensures the security of data transmission from your applications to TiDB clusters.
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    also provides the connection string and sample code for TLS connection.
```

**Console changes**

> * Re-design the web interface of the cluster overview page and the [Clusters](https://tidbcloud.com/console/clusters) page for better user experience.

Author: ```suggestion
* Re-design the web interface of the cluster overview page and the [Clusters](https://tidbcloud.com/console/clusters) page for better user experience.

      In the new interface, the entrances of upgrade to Dedicated Tier, cluster connection, and data import are highlighted.

```

> * Optimize the UI of the cluster overview page and the [Clusters](https://tidbcloud.com/console/clusters) page, and highlight the entrances of upgrade to Dedicated Tier, cluster connection, and data import.

Author: ```suggestion
* Optimize the UI of the [Clusters](https://tidbcloud.com/console/clusters) page and the cluster overview page for better user experience. In the new design, the entrances of upgrade to Dedicated Tier, cluster connection, and data import are highlighted.
```

> * Optimize the UI of the [Clusters](https://tidbcloud.com/console/clusters) page and the cluster overview page for better user experience. In the new design, the entrances of upgrade to Dedicated Tier, cluster connection, and data import are highlighted.

Author: ```suggestion
* Optimize the UI of the [Clusters](https://tidbcloud.com/console/clusters) page and the cluster overview page for better user experience.

    In the new design, the entrances of upgrade to Dedicated Tier, cluster connection, and data import are highlighted.
```

This page lists the release notes of [TiDB Cloud](https://www.pingcap.com/tidb-cloud/) in 2022.

## September 14, 2022

**General changes**

* Support connecting to TiDB Cloud [Dedicated Tier](/tidb-cloud/select-cluster-tier.md#dedicated-tier) clusters via TLS.

    For Dedicated Tier clusters, the [Connect](/tidb-cloud/connect-to-tidb-cluster.md#connect-via-standard-connection) dialog now provides a link to download the TiDB cluster CA and also provides the connection string and sample code for TLS connection. You can connect to your Dedicated Tier cluster via TLS using third-party MySQL clients, MyCLI, and multiple connection methods for your applications, such as JDBC, Python, Go, and Node.js. This feature ensures the security of data transmission from your applications to TiDB clusters.

**Console changes**

* Optimize the UI of the cluster overview page and the [Clusters](https://tidbcloud.com/console/clusters) page, and highlight the entrances of upgrade to Dedicated Tier, cluster connection, and data import.

> 

Author: ```suggestion
```

This page lists the release notes of [TiDB Cloud](https://www.pingcap.com/tidb-cloud/) in 2022.

## September 14, 2022

**General changes**

* Support connecting to TiDB Cloud [Dedicated Tier](/tidb-cloud/select-cluster-tier.md#dedicated-tier) clusters via TLS.

>     For Dedicated Tier clusters, the [Connect](/tidb-cloud/connect-to-tidb-cluster.md#connect-via-standard-connection) dialog now provides a link to download the TiDB cluster CA and also provides the connection string and sample code for TLS connection. You can connect to your Dedicated Tier cluster via TLS using third-party MySQL clients, MyCLI, and multiple connection methods for your applications, such as JDBC, Python, Go, and Node.js. This feature ensures the security of data transmission from your applications to TiDB clusters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    For Dedicated Tier clusters, the **Standard Connection** tab in [Connect](/tidb-cloud/connect-to-tidb-cluster.md#connect-via-standard-connection) dialog now provides a link to download the TiDB cluster CA and also provides the connection string and sample code for TLS connection. You can connect to your Dedicated Tier cluster via TLS using third-party MySQL clients, MyCLI, and multiple connection methods for your applications, such as JDBC, Python, Go, and Node.js. This feature ensures the security of data transmission from your applications to TiDB clusters.
```

>     For Dedicated Tier clusters, the **Standard Connection** tab in [Connect](/tidb-cloud/connect-to-tidb-cluster.md#connect-via-standard-connection) dialog now provides a link to download the TiDB cluster CA and also provides the connection string and sample code for TLS connection. You can connect to your Dedicated Tier cluster via TLS using third-party MySQL clients, MyCLI, and multiple connection methods for your applications, such as JDBC, Python, Go, and Node.js. This feature ensures the security of data transmission from your applications to TiDB clusters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    For Dedicated Tier clusters, the **Standard Connection** tab in the [Connect](/tidb-cloud/connect-to-tidb-cluster.md#connect-via-standard-connection) dialog now provides a link to download the TiDB cluster CA and also provides the connection string and sample code for TLS connection. You can connect to your Dedicated Tier cluster via TLS using third-party MySQL clients, MyCLI, and multiple connection methods for your applications, such as JDBC, Python, Go, and Node.js. This feature ensures the security of data transmission from your applications to TiDB clusters.
```

>     For Dedicated Tier clusters, the **Standard Connection** tab in the [Connect](/tidb-cloud/connect-to-tidb-cluster.md#connect-via-standard-connection) dialog now provides a link to download the TiDB cluster CA and also provides the connection string and sample code for TLS connection. You can connect to your Dedicated Tier cluster via TLS using third-party MySQL clients, MyCLI, and multiple connection methods for your applications, such as JDBC, Python, Go, and Node.js. This feature ensures the security of data transmission from your applications to TiDB clusters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    For Dedicated Tier clusters, the **Standard Connection** tab in the [Connect](/tidb-cloud/connect-to-tidb-cluster.md#connect-via-standard-connection) dialog now provides a link to download the TiDB cluster CA and also provides the connection string and sample code for TLS connection. You can [connect to your Dedicated Tier cluster via TLS](/tidb-cloud/connect-to-tidb-cluster.md#connect-via-standard-connection) using third-party MySQL clients, MyCLI, and multiple connection methods for your applications, such as JDBC, Python, Go, and Node.js. This feature ensures the security of data transmission from your applications to TiDB clusters.
```

**Console changes**

* Optimize the UI of the [Clusters](https://tidbcloud.com/console/clusters) page and the cluster overview page for better user experience.

    In the new design, the entrances of upgrade to Dedicated Tier, cluster connection, and data import are highlighted.

* Provide a new web UI for data import. The new UI provides better user experience and makes data import more efficient.

>     Using the new UI, you can preview the file data to be imported, view the import process, and manage all import tasks easily.

Author: ```suggestion
    Using the new UI, you can preview the data to be imported, view the import process, and manage all import tasks easily.
```

This page lists the release notes of [TiDB Cloud](https://www.pingcap.com/tidb-cloud/) in 2022.

## September 14, 2022

**General changes**

* Support connecting to TiDB Cloud [Dedicated Tier](/tidb-cloud/select-cluster-tier.md#dedicated-tier) clusters via TLS.

    For Dedicated Tier clusters, the [Connect](/tidb-cloud/connect-to-tidb-cluster.md#connect-via-standard-connection) dialog now provides a link to download the TiDB cluster CA and also provides the connection string and sample code for TLS connection. You can connect to your Dedicated Tier cluster via TLS using third-party MySQL clients, MyCLI, and multiple connection methods for your applications, such as JDBC, Python, Go, and Node.js. This feature ensures the security of data transmission from your applications to TiDB clusters.

**Console changes**

> * Re-design the web interface of the cluster overview page and the [Clusters](https://tidbcloud.com/console/clusters) page for better user experience.
> 
>     In the new interface, the entrances of upgrade to Dedicated Tier, cluster connection, and data import are highlighted.

Author: ```suggestion
* Optimize the UI of the cluster overview page and the [Clusters](https://tidbcloud.com/console/clusters) page, and highlight the entrances of upgrade to Dedicated Tier, cluster connection, and data import are highlighted.
```
